ci: prepare release script to run on v1.x branch (#5276)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-js: doc/contributing/releasing.md

1. Go to the [Release PR Workflow](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-js/actions/workflows/create-or-update-release-pr.yml)
2. Click "Run workflow"

> 3. For `Branch`, select the branch you want to release from, `main` (current major) or `1.x` (if you back-ported something)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. For `Branch`, select the branch you want to release from, `main` (current major) or `1.x` (if you backported something)
```

I don't think it has the `-`
